W-13743185 Exchange usage and engagement content for GA jh (#255)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

image:exchange-landing-page.png[Exchange landing page]

> Use Exchange to discover, share, incorporate assets and resources into your applications, and view asset usage and engagement metrics. Exchange helps you create API developer portals, view and test APIs, simulate sending data to APIs by using the mocking service, create assets, and use API Notebooks to describe and test API functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Exchange to discover, share, incorporate assets and resources into your applications, and view asset usage and engagement metrics. In Exchange, you can create API developer portals, view and test APIs, simulate sending data to APIs by using the mocking service, create assets, and use API Notebooks to describe and test API functions.
```

Author: fixed

> Exchange assets are accessible from many places like Anypoint Studio (connectors, templates, and examples), API Manager (APIs, API groups, and policies), or Runtime Manager (applications). APIs can be published from Design Center to Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exchange assets are accessible from many places, such as Anypoint Studio (connectors, templates, and examples), API Manager (APIs, API groups, and policies), or Runtime Manager (applications). APIs can be published from Design Center to Exchange.
```
